en: clarify required members number (#405)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-tiup-offline.md

For the full configuration template, refer to the [TiUP configuration parameter template](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/blob/master/examples/topology.example.yaml). Create a configuration file `topology.yaml`. In other combined scenarios, edit the configuration file as needed according to the templates.

> The configuration file of deploying three DM-masters, three DM-workers and one monitoring component is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration of deploying three DM-masters, three DM-workers, and one monitoring component instance is as follows:
```
"Component" is an abstract concept and cannot be count in this way. "component instance" can be count.

> he configuration of deploying three DM-masters, three DM-workers, and one monitoring component instance is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration of deploying three DM-masters, three DM-workers, and one monitoring component instance is as follows:
```

> **Note:**
>

> > - If you do not need to ensure high availability of the DM cluster, deploy only one DM-master node. The number of deployed DM-worker nodes must be no less than the number of upstream MySQL/MariaDB instances to be migrated.

Reviewer: ditto

>

> > - If you need to ensure high availability of the DM cluster, it is recommended to deploy three DM-master nodes. The number of deployed DM-worker nodes must be greater than the number of upstream MySQL/MariaDB instances to be migrated (e.g. there are two more DM-worker nodes than upstream instances).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To ensure high availability of the DM cluster, it is recommended to deploy three DM-master nodes, and the number of deployed DM-worker nodes must be greater than the number of upstream MySQL/MariaDB instances to be migrated (for example, the number of DM-worker nodes is two more than the number of upstream instances).
```
1. e.g. is not recommended in our tech docs.
2. I doubt that "there are two more DM-worker nodes than upstream instances" are logically correct because they are different things and cannot be directly compared.

Author: 1. Get that.
2. I think your suggestion version is safer. 
Another question: Do I need to omit 'If you need to'  in other files where the sentences are the same? We don't need to make the two items consistent in format?

Author: 1. Get that.
2. I think your suggestion version is safer. 
Another question: Do I need to omit 'If you need to'  in other files where the sentences are the same? We don't need to make the two items consistent in format?

Reviewer: I think "concise" is better than "consistent".
